# Questions Interview Bit
1. What are compiled and interpreted languages?
2. What are static and dynamic typing in progamming?
3. What is PEP? What is PEP 8?
4. What is Context, Namespace and Scope?
5. What are bytes, bytesarray, lists, strings, tuples, ranges, deque, heap, sets, dictionary? What are in the underlying data stucture of these? Also, what are none, bool, int, float, complex data types?
6. What are mutable and immutable data type? What is data pooling, small int pre-caching and constand folding? What are id() and hash()? What does == and 'is' mean in python?
7. What is break, continue and pass in Python?
8. What are modules, subpackages and packages in Python? What are __name__ and __all__ keywords? What are __init__ files and __main__ file? What are naming convention for private, protected and public? How python does Name Mangling for access specfication?
9. What is __init__?
10. What is docstring and f string in Python?
11. What is slicing in Python?
12. Explain how can you make a Python Script executable on Unix? should script file begin with #!/usr/bin/env python?
13. How is memory managed in Python? What is memory layout?
14. What are Python namespaces? Types of variables based on scope? Primary/Main Execution Context in Python? How Context, Namespace and Scope relates? to Is Dict the DS behind the NameSpace? How C/C++ Pointer and Reference concept is used in Cpython's Memory Management?
16. What are decorators in Python?
17. What are Dict and List comprehensions? Combining multiple lists into one? Flattening a multi-dimensional list?



